SH1MMER exploit:
Tools: 10 GB USB, School Managed Computer, and a computer with admin access.
How to use: 
On your school computer look up chrome://version
Under stable-channel is your computer shim versions
Then on a home computer look up https://sh1mmer.neocities.org// and find your version
download it then look up sh1mmer builder https://sh1mmer.me/builder
and paste your new file. Download the injected file.
Then download chrome os recovery utility and click use file image 
download the new file and put it on your usb.
Now on your school computer click esc-refresh-power
You will see a screen that says "Lets step you through the recovery process" or "your data is either lost or destroyed" depending on your version
Then you will CTRL-D and you will see "enter dev?" 
Click enter and then you will see a screen that says "Returning to safe mode" or "Developer Mode is blocked"
Then, Press Esc-Refresh-Power again
And stick your usb into your computer, this should bybass google shim verified boot.
Then it will show the beautiful world Sh1mmer boot screen and you can play around a bit with the payloads
The most important one whould be un-enroll computer, which will unblock everything.
After pressing that, set up a new account with a personal email
Don't do this at school, you will get in MAJOR trouble.
Do this at home in the Summmer or something
If you want to re-enroll your computer do the process again and re-enroll

Delete Search History Exploit: 
There are two ways to do it
1. Sign In Exploit: 
Warning: this will delete all your personal files and data
Sign out of your account
then click reset password, wherever it normaly is
It will give you a google security page asking you for your old password
type in an incorrect password
this will trigger google to delete all of your personal data (Including search history)
Get of the page then sign back into your account
if you go into history your search history will be removed
2. Dev mode exploit
Warning: this will delete all you data and will delete all saved wifi passwords
Press Esc-refresh power
When you see the recovery screen click Ctrl-D
Warning: Past this point an alarm will sound and it will be LOUD
click enter to confirm dev mode
It will take you out of dev mode and delete all of your data (Including search history)
Sign back into your wifi and log back into your account
If you check your search history all of your data will be gone

(More Exploits coming soon)
